create Pipes document (#50)
C0D1UM/technical-standard: angular/pipes/README.md

# Pipes

This page will give you recommendations on how to use pipes for your Angular project.

## When to use Pipes?

When you want to display the data in another format, but still want to keep the raw format data.

### Don't do this

> ```typescript{% raw %}

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it should includes `{% raw %}` and `{% endraw %}` krub?

@Component({
  selector: 'app-foo',
  template: `<p>{{ myFormatData(myData) }}</p>`
})
export class FooComponent {
  @Input() myData

  constructor() { }

  myFormatData(data) {
    // do something
    return newData;
  }
}{% endraw %}
```

> If you do like above, the function `myFormatData` will be executed every time Angular detects a change (every keystroke or mouse movement), so **it affect to the performance** if that function has a lot process inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do like above, the function `myFormatData` will be executed every time Angular detects a change (every keystroke or mouse movement), so **it affect the performance** if that function has a lot of processes inside.
```

  template: `
  <div *ngFor="let person of people">
    <p>{{ person.firstName }} {{ person.lastName }}</p>
  </div>
  `
})
export class FooComponent implements OnInit, OnDestroy {
  people: People[];
  sub: Subscription;

  constructor(private peopleService: PeopleService) { }

  ngOnInit() {
    this.sub = this.peopleService.getPeople().subscribe(people => {
      this.people = people;
      // do something after subscribe
    });
  }

  ngOnDestroy() {
    this.sub.unsubscribe();
  }
}{% endraw %}
```

###  With AsyncPipe
We don't need to worry about memory leaks problem because it unsubscribes automatically.
```typescript{% raw %}
@Component({
  selector: 'app-foo',
  template: `
  <ng-container *ngIf="people$ | async as people">
    <div *ngFor="let person of people">
      <p>{{ person.firstName }} {{ person.lastName }}</p>
    </div>
  </ng-container>
  `
})
export class FooComponent implements OnInit {
  people$: Observable<People[]>;

  constructor(private peopleService: PeopleService) { }

  ngOnInit() {
    this.people$ = this.peopleService.getPeople().pipe(
      tap(people => {
        // do something after subscribe
      })
    );
  }
}{% endraw %}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think we should add sub topic about "Do not use function with async pipe" because it can create infinite loop.

Many people have this problem. For example
* https://github.com/angular/angular/issues/6696
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41265716/angular-2-endless-loop-in-async-pipe
